{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 For my Photoshop final project I got inspired by my favorite photographer. He suffers from a condition called sleep paralysis and bases his work on dis dreamscape experiences. I tried to make something similar, creepy, creative and unusual. Took me a couple of hours to put together a decent final project.\
\
\
The illustrator final project was suppose to be a combination of a character created in illustrator, a raster background and type. I read the course reader  to get full instructions and found that apparently we had option one and option b, something I didn\'92t hear about in class (Maybe I was not paying attention). Anyways, in the confusion my vector final project was a disaster, so I just quickly made a character using illustrator and as background I\'92ll be using  galaxy composition I made for my final Color class.\
\
I put a lot of time and effort into this final animation project, at the end I was very disappointed because the result was not what I was expecting, although I guess the short story I was trying to achieve was kind of interesting. I submitted it just because I had to, but I didn\'92tlike this project at all. However I know this is part of the learning process. \
\
In our final inDesign project we used our previous projects to make post cards, in the back of the post card we described every project, hope I\'92m not writing the same again. I made a \'93stamp\'94 to put into my post cards just to add a little extra detail.\
}